As we were just discussing at the end of the last video, whenever we have this incoming request that's
going to cause our next gen application to render out the app, we need to somehow take that cookie
right there and include it on any requests that are going to go back out to Engine X to try to access
other services.
So we're going to focus on how to do that in this video.
Since we've had a long couple of videos here on some pretty crazy stuff, I'm just going to give you
a pretty direct answer on exactly how to fix this.
Whenever get initial props gets called on the server.
The first argument to the function is going to be an object that has a couple of different properties
inside of it.
One of the properties on that thing is the request object.
I'm going to structure out that request object.
This request right here is the same kind of request object that we expect to receive inside of, say,
an express JS application.
It's on this overall object as the rec property, so we will de structure off just rec by itself then
to take a look at all the headers on that incoming request because remember the cookie is passed as
a header.
We can do a console log right here of rect headers.
I'm then going to save this.
I'll then go back over to my browser.
I'm going to do a full refresh of this page.
So here's a full refresh.
And then I'll go back over to my terminal and take a look at what just console logged.
So here is that headers object as all the different headers that were included in the initial request.
From my browser to next DJs.
And as you'd expect, one of the headers on there is the cookie.
So that cookie right there is the exact information that we want to pass along to Ingress Engine X,
so to make sure that eventually ends up with our service.
There are actually a couple of other very helpful headers on here as well.
In particular, if we take a look around, you'll notice that the host header is actually present on
this incoming request as well.
So as a matter of fact, rather than even having to specify the host right here, one thing we might
be able to do is to just take all the headers on that incoming request and pass it through to the requests
that we're sending off to Ingress Engine X.
This would essentially cause this request right here to act as a proxy of sorts.
So we're going to take a lot of attributes from that incoming request and just pass them directly along
to our API call.
So let's try that strategy out.
I'm going to delete the headers object right there and replace it with rec dot headers.
And then going to delete the console log up there.
Okay.
So let's save this.
Now we do not have to worry about the requests coming from the browser.
Because remember, the browser is going to handle appending on some headers to this thing for us automatically.
So right now we really just care about the case in which it's the server.
Make your request over to ingress engine x.
All right to test this out, I'll go back over my browser.
I'm going to refresh the page and then I should see a console log of my current user right there in
my console and back inside my terminal as well.
Perfect.
So now when we send our request from next DJs off to ingress and Gen X, the cookie and all the associated
headers with this incoming request are going to be passed along directly to the service.
So the off service is a matter of fact, can barely even tell that this request is coming from our client.
Instead, the service, as far as it is concerned, it might as well have been getting the request directly
from the browser itself.
The service would have a rather tough time telling the difference between the two.
All right.
Well, this looks like it is a good solution.
So that should pretty much be it as far as just getting our code working.
But now what we're left with inside of get initial props is pretty darn nasty.
We definitely do not want to have to write out this if statement every single time that we want to make
a request from a get initial props function.
We don't really want to have to worry about the domain or passing through headers or anything like that.
So even though this code works, we're going to take a pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video, and we're going to start to make a couple of improvements
to it just to make sure that this is a lot easier to use.